Noting what the returned Value can contain (#10680)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/unmanaged-api/metadata/imetadatatables-getcolumn-method.md

>   

Reviewer: also if you can:
line 3 - change ms.date to today's date
line 35 - remove two hashes from the parameters heading

 `pVal`  
 [out] A pointer to the value in the cell.  
 
## Remarks

> The interpretion of the value returned through `pVal` depends on the column's type. The column type can be determined by calling **IMetaDataTables.GetColumnInfo**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The interpretion of the value returned through `pVal` depends on the column's type. The column type can be determined by calling [IMetaDataTables.GetColumnInfo](imetadatatables-getcolumninfo-method.md).
```

> - The **GetColumn** method automatically converts columns of type **Rid** or **CodedToken** to full 32-bit `mdToken` values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `GetColumn` method automatically converts columns of type **Rid** or **CodedToken** to full 32-bit `mdToken` values.
```

- It also automatically converts 8-bit or 16-bit values to full 32-bit values. 

> - For *heap* type columns, the returned *pVal* will be an index into the corresponding heap.

Reviewer: we avoid the use of future tense when possible. 

```suggestion
- For *heap* type columns, the returned *pVal* is an index into the corresponding heap.
```

| Column type              | pVal contains | Comment                          |
|--------------------------|---------------|-----------------------------------|
| `0`..`iRidMax`<br>(0..63)  | mdToken     | *pVal* will contain a full Token. The function automatically converts the Rid into a full token. |

> | `iCodedToken`..`iCodedTokenMax`<br>(64..95) | mdToken | Upon return *pVal* will contain a full Token. The function automatically decompresses the CodedToken into a full token. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `iCodedToken`..`iCodedTokenMax`<br>(64..95) | mdToken | Upon return, *pVal* will contain a full Token. The function automatically decompresses the CodedToken into a full token. |
```

> | `iSHORT` (96)            | Int16         | Automatically sign-extended to 32-bit  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `iSHORT` (96)            | Int16         | Automatically sign-extended to 32-bit.  |
```

> | `iUSHORT` (97)           | UInt16        | Automatically sign-extended to 32-bit  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `iUSHORT` (97)           | UInt16        | Automatically sign-extended to 32-bit.  |
```

| `iLONG` (98)             | Int32         |                                        | 
| `iULONG` (99)            | UInt32        |                                        |

> | `iBYTE` (100)            | Byte          | Automatically sign-extended to 32-bit  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `iBYTE` (100)            | Byte          | Automatically sign-extended to 32-bit.  |
```

> | `iSTRING` (101)          | String heap index | *pVal* is an index into the String heap. Use **IMetadataTables.GetString** to get the actual column String value |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `iSTRING` (101)          | String heap index | *pVal* is an index into the String heap. Use [IMetadataTables.GetString](imetadatatables-getstring-method.md) to get the actual column String value. |
```

> | `iGUID` (102)            | Guid heap index | *pVal* is an index into the Guid heap. Use **IMetadataTables.GetGuid** to get the actual column Guid value |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `iGUID` (102)            | GUID heap index | *pVal* is an index into the GUID heap. Use [IMetadataTables.GetGuid](imetadatatables-getguid-method.md) to get the actual column GUID value. |
```

> | `iBLOB` (103)            | Blob heap index | *pVal* is an index into the Blob heap. Use **IMetadataTables.GetBlob** to get the actual column Blob value |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `iBLOB` (103)            | Blob heap index | *pVal* is an index into the Blob heap. Use [IMetadataTables.GetBlob](imetadatatables-getblob-method.md) to get the actual column Blob value. |
```
